Add new version v20220601 for signalr data plane rest api (#105573)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-signalr/swagger/signalr-data-plane-rest-v20220601.md

---
title: Azure SignalR service data plane REST API reference - v20220601

> description: Describes REST APIs version v1-preview Azure SignalR service supports to manage the connections and send messages to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Describes REST APIs version v20220601 Azure SignalR service supports to manage the connections and send messages to them.
```
